story01 (#1)
alem-platform/bootcamp-js: story02/concat-crusaders/README.md

> # Concat Crusaders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Merge
```

> It’s time to unite two arrays into one! As a Concat Crusader, you must use the built-in concat method called as `concatCrusaders` to combine two arrays into a new array, leaving the original ones untouched. No mutation allowed!

Reviewer: concat link

> It’s time to unite two arrays into one! As a Concat Crusader, you must use the built-in [concat](https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/concat) method called as `concatCrusaders` to combine two arrays into a new array, leaving the original ones untouched. No mutation allowed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s time to unite two arrays into one! Use the built-in [concat](https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/concat) method to combine two arrays into a new array.

### Function declaration
```js
function merge(array1, array2) {
    //
}
```
```

### Example:

```js

> concatCrusaders([1, 2], [3, 4]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
merge([1, 2], [3, 4]);
```
